Atlassian c2c Source (#4313)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/atlassian-source.md

---
id: atlassian-source
title: Atlassian Source (Beta)
sidebar_label: Atlassian
tags:
  - cloud-to-cloud
  - atlassian
description: Learn how to retrieve Asana audit logs into the Sumo Logic environment.
---

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import ExampleJSON from '/files/c2c/atlassian/example.json';
import MyComponentSource from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/atlassian/example.json';
import TerraformExample from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/atlassian/example.tf';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<head>
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex" />
</head>

<p><a href="/docs/beta"><span className="beta">Beta</span></a></p>

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/atlassian-icon.png')} alt="atlassian-icon" width="40" />

> The Atlassian Organizations API provides resources for managing an Atlassian organization, with this API, you can get an [audit log of events](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/admin/organization/rest/api-group-events/#api-group-events) from organization. This integration collects that data from the Atlassian Organizations API and ingests them into Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Atlassian Organizations API provides resources for managing an Atlassian organization, with this API, you can get an [audit log of events](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/admin/organization/rest/api-group-events/#api-group-events) from organizations. This integration collects that data from the Atlassian Organizations API and ingests them into Sumo Logic.
```

## Data collected

| Polling Interval | Data |
| :--- | :--- |

> | 1 hour |  [Events](https://api.atlassian.com/admin/v1/orgs/%7BorgId%7D/events)|

Reviewer: I got a 401 error when I clicked this link.

## Setup

### Vendor configuration

Follow the below steps to generate a Bearer access for user configuration:

1. Log in to your [Atlassian admin console](http://admin.atlassian.com/).

> 1. After logging in, navigate to **Organizations** tab with your admin console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After logging in, navigate to the **Organizations** tab.
```

1. Go to **Settings** and select **API keys**.
1. Click on **Create API key** in the top right.
1. Enter a name for the API key.
1. Configure the expiration date for the key or leave the default value as 1 week.
1. Click on **Create** and save the API key.
1. Copy the values of Organization ID and API key.
1. Select **Done**.

### Source configuration

> When you create an Atlassian Source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the Source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create an Atlassian Source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the Source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector and Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).
```

   * ![orange exclamation point.png](/img/reuse/orange-exclamation-point.png) An orange triangle with an exclamation point is shown when the field doesn't exist in the Fields table schema. In this case, an option to automatically add the nonexistent fields to the Fields table schema is provided. If a field is sent to Sumo Logic that does not exist in the Fields schema it is ignored, known as dropped.
1. **Organizations**. Click the **+Add** button to enter the Organizations you want to associate. Each Organizations needs a API Key value. This is the value that you generated from the [Atlassian platform](#vendor-configuration).
1. (Optional) The **Polling Interval** is set for 1 hour by default. You can adjust it based on your needs.
1. (Optional) In **Initial LookBack Time**, enter the first collection start time. Default is 1 day.
1. (Optional) **Processing Rules for Logs**. Configure any desired filters, such as allowlist, denylist, hash, or mask, as described in [Create a Processing Rule](/docs/send-data/collection/processing-rules/create-processing-rule).
1. When you are finished configuring the Source, click **Save**.

## JSON Configuration

> Sources can be configured using UTF-8 encoded JSON files with the Collector Management API. See [how to use JSON to configure Sources](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources) for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sources can be configured using UTF-8 encoded JSON files with the Collector Management API. See [Use JSON to Configure Sources](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources) for details. 
```
